Create ui-c8y-1019-13-2-manually-provided-units-should-have-a-higher-priority-compared-to-the.md (#1834)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1019-13-2-manually-provided-units-should-have-a-higher-priority-compared-to-the.md

---
date: ""

> title: manually provided units should have a higher priority compared to the actual datapoint units (#5903) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5921)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Manually provided units have higher priority than datapoint units
```

Reviewer: I find this explanation a bit confusing... How about:

Units provided by the datapoint template have higher priority than the datapoint units.

Reviewer 2: How about "Custom units overrule datapoint units"

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58426
version: 1019.13.2
---

> manually provided units should have a higher priority compared to the actual datapoint units (#5903) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5921)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, users want to override the units of a datapoint with a custom unit. Previously, the datapoint unit had a higher priority than the manually specified unit, which was not the desired behavior. With this change, manually provided units now have a higher priority compared to the actual datapoint units. This ensures that the custom unit specified by the user is always used instead of the default datapoint unit.
```
